# BatteryTimes
This includes two Python programs (chargeTime.py and depleteTime.py) used to time the charging and depleting process for any battery. They start by asking the user for the capacity of their battery and then the initial percentage. When the user is ready they can enter done followed by the final percentage. All useful information including the average current and total estimated time from 0% to 100% or 100% to 0% as well as an estimate from 0% to 70% or 70% to 0% depending on the script. 0% to x% for chargeTime.py and x% to 0% for depleteTime.py. As far as implimentation goes, I did not take an object-oriented approach. It would be possible but due to it's simplistic nature is not necessary as my script would create exactly one object each time. HumanTime.py is a script I wrote and a necessary dependency of the two main programs. It is responsible for providing a human readable time with seconds, minutes, hours, days, and years if necessary. It must be put in the same directory as the other files in order for import statements to work. Enjoy seeing how quickly your devices gain and spend chemical potential energy! 
Note: This expects your battery percentage to be displayed with 101 discrete values (all integers from 0 to 100). If your percentage goes up in incriments of anythong but 1 then the error will not be accurate. Adjusting the way in which the error variable is calculated in the mainH() function will make this adaptable to other situations (ie percentage goes up by 5% or .1%). Adding a line after it's definition saying "error = 5 * error" or "error = .1 * error" should accomplish this. 
